docs: Add global variable support for MCP server headers (#11397)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Agents/mcp-client.mdx

      }'
    ```

    </TabItem>
    </Tabs>

    Replace `MCP_TOOLS_COMPONENT_ID`, `LANGFLOW_API_KEY`, `LANGFLOW_SERVER_ADDRESS`, and `FLOW_ID` with the actual values from your Langflow deployment.

    Langflow doesn't automatically discover or expose which environment variables your MCP server accepts from the **MCP Tools** component.
    To determine which environment variables your MCP server accepts, see the MCP server's documentation. For example, the [Astra DB MCP server](https://github.com/datastax/astra-db-mcp) requires `ASTRA_DB_APPLICATION_TOKEN` and `ASTRA_DB_API_ENDPOINT`, with an optional variable for `ASTRA_DB_KEYSPACE`, as documented in its repository.

## Use global variables in MCP server headers {#use-global-variables-in-mcp-server-headers}

You can use [global variables](/configuration-global-variables) in MCP server header values to securely store and reference API keys, authentication tokens, and other sensitive values. This is particularly useful for deployment scenarios where you need to pass user-specific credentials at runtime.

> Enter a global variable name as the header value, and Langflow resolves the global variable name to its actual value before making the MCP server request. Langflow only passes the token value to your server: it does not validate tokens on behalf of your MCP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter a global variable name as the header value, and Langflow resolves the global variable name to its actual value before making the MCP server request. Langflow only passes the token value to your server; it doesn't validate tokens on behalf of your MCP server.
```

2. Create a **Credential** global variable named `TEST_BEARER_TOKEN`.
3. In the **Value** field, enter your MCP server's bearer token value. The value must include the `Bearer` prefix with a space, for example: `Bearer eyJhbG...`.
4. Click **Save Variable**.
5. To manage MCP server connections for your Langflow client, click <McpIcon /> **MCP servers** in the visual editor, or click your profile icon, select **Settings**, and then click **MCP Servers**.
6. Click <Icon name="Plus" aria-hidden="true"/> **Add MCP Server**.
7. Select the following:
    * **Name**: test-mcp-server
    * **Streamable HTTP/SSE URL**: Your MCP server's URL, such as `http://127.0.0.1:8000/mcp`.
    * **Headers**: In the key field, enter the literal string `Authorization`. For the key's value, enter `TEST_BEARER_TOKEN`, or the exact name of your global variable.
8. Click **Create Server**.
A successful connection displays the number of tools the server is exposing.

With the server and global variable created, you can now connect to it with the **MCP Tools** component.

9. Add the **MCP Tools** component to a flow.
10. In the **MCP Tools** component, select the **MCP Server** you created.

> The MCP server configuration already includes the headers you configured in step 7, so no further configuration is needed in the component. The global variable `TEST_BEARER_TOKEN` will be automatically resolved when the component makes requests to the MCP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MCP server configuration already includes the headers you configured earlier, so no further configuration is needed in the component. The global variable `TEST_BEARER_TOKEN` is automatically resolved when the component makes requests to the MCP server.
```

    :::tip Optional: Override headers in the component
    To override or add additional headers to the **MCP Tools** component, click <Icon name="SlidersHorizontal" aria-hidden="true"/> **Controls** in the [component's header menu](/concepts-components#component-menus), enable **Show** for the **Headers** parameter, and add header key values. Component headers take precedence over the headers configured in the MCP server settings.
    :::

> 11. Test your flow to make sure the agent uses your server to respond to queries. Open the **Playground**, and then enter a prompt that uses a tool that you connected through the **MCP Tools** component.

Reviewer: If you change the tip to a step:

```suggestion
12. Test your flow to make sure the agent uses your server to respond to queries. Open the **Playground**, and then enter a prompt that uses a tool that you connected through the **MCP Tools** component.
```
